NodeLocal DNS basic operations information (#108)
XenitAB/xenitab.github.io: docs/xks/operator-guide/networking.md

TBD

> ### Node local DNS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Node Local DNS
```

To lower DNS query latency and a number of other [reasons](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/nodelocaldns/#motivation)
we are using [NodeLocal DNS](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/nodelocaldns/) in XKS.

> NodeLocal DNS is a daemonset that runs on each node and creates a loopback interface on that node + a number of iptables rules
> that is defines how to intercept all the default DNS traffic on all pods on the node and instead of sending them
> to the central coreDNS the DNS request is handled by NodeLocal DNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node Local DNS is an application that runs on each node and creates a loopback interface on each node together with a number of iptables rules. The iptables rules intercepts all the DNS traffic from all pods that is sent to the clusters DNS server.
```

> #### Node local DNS configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Node Local DNS Configuration
```

> To configure NodeLocal DNS you need to provide two values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Node Local DNS you need to provide two values.
```

The IP of the central DNS server in your cluster, you can find this by running: `kubectl get svc kube-dns -n kube-system -o jsonpath={.spec.clusterIP}`.
The second value is a random IP that you know that nothing else in the cluster is ever going to use, in our case we used the example ip `169.254.20.10`.
These values are defined for you in XKS but it's good to know about them and where to find them.

Here you can view the example [configuration](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/cluster/addons/dns/nodelocaldns/nodelocaldns.yaml) provided in the docs.

> NodeLocal DNS is built on-top of CoreDNS and is plugin based. Depending on your needs you can easily enable new features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node Local DNS is built on top of CoreDNS and is plugin based. Depending on your needs you can easily enable new features.
```
